Congratulations.
This is one very long very difficult
definitely not one to take lightly course.
There's just a just dump
truck full of knowledge here.
And if you feel you just got
hit in the face with a book,
that's probably because it's
pretty close to that right?
So what I'm trying to say is don't
expect all of this to sink in.
Some of these concepts you'll probably
never ever think about ever again.
And some of them you might find
yourself thinking about frequently.
One of the most important things though,
here is that you've been
exposed to these things, right?
So now that if you come, to a time much
later where you need something that
a bloom filter could solve, you might
not be able to remember exactly what
a bloom filter is implemented like or how
to make it work, all that kind of stuff.
But you now you know that there's a data
structure out there is, that you can,
contain a lot of information in one
very small memory footprints right?
And that kind of pattern matching
ability is actually really
what I want you to have to know
that these things are out there,
that you know where to find them, you know
how to Google them, those kind of things.
And more than anything I
really hope that you took
away the science of trading off, right?
The idea of do I have enough CPU?
Do I have enough memory?
Is this code more readable?
Is this code less readable?
Do I always wanna use as
less memory as possible?
Do I always wanna have
the fastest algorithm?
These are all the kinds of
things that I continue to want,
you just need to be thinking about and
hopefully the message that you walk away
with is write readable code first,
then worry about performance later.
That's the mantra that I choose
to live by when I'm writing code.
Yeah, spend time trying to solve problems.
Don't try and spend time anticipating
problems that you may never have.
That's in general, generally you wanna
have problems before you solve them
because typically you will not
solve the correct problems.
And only when you need really raw
performance should you really be dropping
down into these really
low level constructs.
But instead, it's just good for
you to know one how things work.
And then if you ever did need to drop down
into these low level constructs that you
know where they are and how to find them.
So thanks for sticking with me.
Hope everyone here enjoyed the course.
And yeah, I'll take any last questions
we have before we wanna sign off.
>> Like you said all about
balance all that stuff.
That's not what's happening for me.
I'd like, I just got invited for
Amazon interview out of the blue.
>> Congrats.
>> Found myself in a predicament,
essentially I build some stuff,
I build websites.
But in big companies,
tech interviews are focused on computer
science more than what you build.
And I've been grinding for
ten hours a day solving lead problems.
I guess the question is what
impresses you on the interview?
>> First thing you kinda
just have to know and
embrace is you're not necessarily in
control of your entire interview.
For me, that kinda takes some
pressure off, I don't know it.
For me it just, that helps me realize
that, I can work on the things that I'm
gonna work on and realize that
the other parts are just gonna happen,
however they're gonna happen and
I lack control in that situation.
So that's the first thing.
The second thing is that it's really
gonna depend on who your interview is.
Some of them are just looking for
a checklist, all right,
he found this problem.
She did this, they did that right?
And they're just going
down their checklist.
And so frequently you can kinda tell cuz
they're fishing for specific answers.
In that case, I just asked a lot
of questions of the hem to try and
figure out what they're looking for
and me that helps a lot.
And then for me, I don't know,
there's some interviewers and
I think that are more like me,
which is just like,
actually don't really care if you can,
pathfinding maze, right?
We don't path fine mazes at Microsoft,
right, what I do,
I mean, I guess the Bing Maps
team does but I shut down.
[LAUGH] What I care way more about
is that you communicate that you're
telling me what you're thinking
that you're collaborating,
you're thinking out loud,
you're asking good defining questions.
All right, you're asked me to pathfinding,
this maze.
Can I go out of bounds?
Are there extra walls?
What color's the floor?
I don't know,
it's just really defining the problem
space of that you're looking into.
And that's the kind of person that I wanna
work with that's gonna fully understand
a problem and
then devise the correct solution.
So yeah, ask a lot of questions.
Another like really good pro tip with
interviewing with those big tech companies
is if you're having a hard
time solving part of it,
just make a huge assumption about it and
ask if it's okay, right.
So if you're saying I need to
navigate this in 3D space, can I just
invent a black box function that gives
me the correct coordinates to go to?
I don't know, I'm making stuff up now.
But something like that,
where you just say like,
you cut off a huge portion of the problem.
You make an assumption about it.
It's like, Hey, can I have this function?
A lot of times,
they'll be like, Yeah, sure.
I don't care.
You can.
You can assume that about your code,
right?
Then you don't have to solve problems for
Ray you can kind of work and
make them work against themselves.
So
>> Okay, yeah, that makes sense.
Just to try to simplify.
Okay.
>> Always ask what metrics are going for
right?
Am I supposed to be going the fastest?
Am I supposed to be
the most clearest thing?
His memory a concern like asking
a bunch of questions like that,
about what metrics they're
most interested in.
That's also impressive and useful to you.
So that helps, too.
>> So metrics, and you also mentioned,
consider the cost of algorithms, right?
>> Yep.
>> He said I think, Okay?
>> Yeah, a lot of times will ask you like,
what's the big O of this?
I mean, again, I don't talk about bingo
too much when I'm working at Microsoft,
so I don't really care if you can
come up with bingo but lots and
lots of companies do so you should really
drill down into that read up more on and
do some exercises on defining
the big old problem.
>> Okay, thank you.
>> Other questions.
>> I have one in the same vein is
Victor's coming from someone who doesn't
have a computer science background
who went to a boot camp primarily for
front end development.
And you have a lot of experience
with the larger companies that,
I'm looking to try to interview for.
Do you have any recommendations or
any advice for
any approaches towards problem practice,
leak code and
whatnot that you find is very
helpful leading into interviews?
>> Okay, yeah.
So when I'm solving a computer science
the problem, what are my kind of my steps?
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> I try and reasoned it out in English
first, kind high level steps of,
I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do this, I'm
gonna do this, then I'm gonna return this.
And then at the very least, the whoever's
interviewing knows that you understand
the problem and
knows that you understand the solution.
And then at that point, you're just
in the semantics of syntax, right?
So I found some people have been
really effective with like, cool.
I'm gonna create three functions.
I'm just gonna pseudocode this does this,
this does this, and this does this.
So even if you run out of time, it's
like okay, I was interviewing Shawn and
he got through the first two functions.
I didn't finish the third one, but
he obviously got with a third
function was supposed to do.
That's I mean, it's not gonna work for
everybody, right?
It depends on what kind of jerk
you're interviewing with, right?
A lot of them will just say,
cool, that's good enough.
Obviously he knows what
he's talking about.
Some of them will be like I don't wanna
name and shame the companies too much,
but one of them in particular
is just me like no,
you had to read every semi colon or
I'm not gonna count it.
But your best shot for
sure is making sure that the full solution
Is down however you choose to do that.
My personal style is just to write the
function signatures, the return types and
the kind of high level comment of
this is what this is gonna do.
And then I go back and fill it in and
that works well for me to both one,
explain what my intentions are, and
for me to organize my thoughts.
Well, thank you friends, please,
do and redo these exercises.
Cuz again, they are difficult.
And the more you do them,
the more they're gonna sink in.
So yeah, thanks for spending some time
with me learning some computer science.
If you'd like to let me know on Twitter,
star, the repo on GitHub,
that's always fun too.
And be sure to share this
with other people as well.
Hopefully it can be helpful for
them as well.
All right.
Thanks, everybody.
Talk to you later.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Yep.
[APPLAUSE]